Still nothing

Food court? You sure they said food court
I'm sorry, have my translation skills been letting you down
We don't know it's your kids
Yes, we do

There's something in there


Keep her talking
Keep her awake, okay
Hey, hey, hey. Stay awake, stay awake
Let's get her on this side, on this side
Easy, easy, easy, easy
It's, uh... You know, it's not actually that bad
There was a... The goalie on my soccer team, Beth Wildfire, this other girl slid into her leg, and the bone came out of her knee, six inches or something, it was insane


You're not helping

Okay. All right, El
This is gonna hurt like hell, okay

Need you to stay real still
Here, you're gonna want to bite down on this, okay
Holy shit. Holy shit



Stop talking

No! Stop it
Stop! Stop
I can do it
God
The Mind Flayer, it built this monster in Hawkins, to stop El, to kill her and pave a way into our world
And it almost did
That was just one tiny piece of it
How big is this thing
It's big
Thirty feet, at least
It sorta destroyed your cabin

Okay, so, just to be clear, this... this big fleshy spider thing that hurt El, it's some kind of gigantic... weapon

But instead of, like, screws and metal, the Mind Flayer made its weapon... with melted people
Yes, exactly

I -- Yeah, I'm just making sure
Are we sure this thing is still out there, still alive
El beat the shit out of it, but, yeah, it's still alive
But if we close the gate again We cut the brain off from the body
And kill it
Theoretically

Okay, this is what Alexei called "the hub."
Now, the hub takes us to the vault room
Okay, where's the gate

I don't know the scale on this, but I think it's fairly close to the vault room, maybe 50 feet or so
More like 500
What, you're just gonna waltz in there like it's commie Disneyland or something

Erica Sinclair. Who are you
Murray... Bauman
Listen, Mr. Bunman, I'm not trying to tell you how to do things, but I've been down in that shithole for 24 hours
And with all due respect, you do what this man tells you, you're all gonna die
I'm sorry, why is this four-year-old speaking to me
Um, I'm ten, you bald bastard

Just the facts
She's right. You're all gonna die, but you don't have to. Excuse me
Sorry, may I

Okay, see this room here
This is a storage facility
There's a hatch in here that feeds into their underground ventilation system
That will lead you to the base of the weapon
It's a bit of a maze down there, but between me and Erica, we can show you the way
You can show us the way
Don't worry, you can do all the fighting and the dangerous hero shit, and we'll just be your... navigators

Well, that settles it
He's gonna die. They're gonna die
Yep, most likely
You guys survived
Barely
We could've really used you guys down there
Could've used you up here, too
Yeah, man. We missed you, dude
Yeah. Big-time
I missed you guys, too
Big-time
Please don't cry, nerds
Keep saying my name, see what happens
Hey, heads up. You can navigate, just from someplace safe
It's not that simple
The signal won't reach
Not with this. You need something with a high enough frequency band to relay with the Russians' radio tower
But for that to work, you need someone who has both seen their comms room and has access to a super-powered handcrafted radio tower, one preferably already situated at the highest point in Hawkins
Oh, wait
That's me
If you want us to navigate, you got us
But we need a head start
And a car
Oh, man, now this... this is what I'm talkin' about
"Toddfather"
Oh, screw Todd
Steve's her daddy now
Did you just talk about yourself in the third person
Did he just call himself daddy
All right, where are we going
Weathertop
Weather-what
Just drive
Okay. Jesus
Bottom lock, second-to-top lock, third-to-top lock, top lock
Listen to me, I need to end this, but I will be back before you know it, okay
I don't know, Mom
No, listen. You're gonna be safe there
It's -- It's far away from all this
You just stick close to your brother and -- and do whatever he says
No matter what. Okay
I'm not worried about me, Mom, I'm worried about you
Oh, honey, I'm gonna be fine
Okay? I'm gonna be fine
Okay, Mom
Okay, Mom. That's enough
I'm gonna be fine
Mom, I can't breathe
My battery's low, but... You're suffocating me
...it will recharge
I know it will, kid

I can fight
Better than any of us
But right now, I need you safe
This thing is after you
It's not after me
Do you understand
Hey... I need you to understand

We should probably go

Be careful

It's a two-man operation. Two
Yeah, well, change of plans
Change of plans
Yeah. Will you explain it to him, please
We have two options here, Jim
We can turn the machine off, or we can explode it
Oh, yeah, says who
Says the man who built it
Yeah, and we wanna explode it
Or else our heroic efforts will be for naught
This is a three-man operation, Jim, not two
Yeah, three
El, you're bleeding


Lay down

I don't... I don't know
You can't be serious. Come on
Didn't your mom just buy this car
Yes. I'm sure it's fine
Did you leave the lights on
Do we have gas

Whoa, whoa, whoa! Just stop, stop
Pop the hood

The ignition cable's gone
Back in the mall
Go! Go, go, go
Go! Go

So then I yank those cables like I'm pulling weeds
And that'll set off the alarm According to Alexei, may his soul rest in peace
Which should give you two an opening to retrieve the keys from the vault
And then we just follow the map to the observation room, turn the key Kaboom, we blow this sucker sky-high
And then, once the rift is closed, we escape back through the vents
Right under their commie noses
Then home free
Uh... Oh, God, just because it wasn't your plan doesn't mean it was a bad plan
I didn't say it was a bad plan
You made a noise
I did not make a noise

I really think it's disrespectful... What is up with you and noises
Children! Children
It is a good plan
A solid B, which is laudable, given the situation and time constraints
Dare I say, if it all goes right... ...they'll never even know we were here

Don't shoot! Don't shoot
Documents, important documents for the Lieutenant-Comrade
He called us, last minute
Pardon our sloppy appearance
Lieutenant? What Lieutenant
Lieutenant... Molotov
Jim... This is crazy

Jim, I... This... I had it under control
Yeah, sure you did

I'm improvising
Your love Liftin' me higher... Jesus, how far is this place, man
Relax, we're almost there
Suzie must be pretty special, huh
I mean, if you built this thing and lugged it all the way to the middle of nowhere just to talk to her
I mean, nobody's scientifically perfect, but Suzie's about as close to being perfect as any human could possibly be
She sound made-up to me
She sound made-up to you
Why are you hesitating, Steve
I'm -- I'm -- I'm not! I'm not
I think she sounds real
You know, totally, absolutely real
Left. Turn left
There's not a road here
Turn left now
Jesus! Hang on
Higher and higher Whoa! Henderson, where are we going
Up

Liftin' me higher... Oh, Jesus
We're not gonna make it
Yes, we are. Come on, baby
Come on, baby
Come on. Come on
Guess the Toddfather has its limitations
Scoops Troop, do you copy
Scoops Troop, I repeat, do you copy
We're trapped in the mall and in need of emergency transportation
Billy has found us
He has disabled our car and we are trapped in the mall
Repeat: Billy has disabled our car and we are trapped in the mall
Scoops Troop... You're gonna kill him, aren't you
This is just a precaution, okay
And not just against Billy
If he knows we're here, so does the Mind Flayer
Scoops Troop, I repeat, we are in need of emergency transportation

No chance that thing'll drive, right
Steve, do you copy
We don't need it to drive

We just need the ignition cable
Push

Let me try
El... I can do it
Can I help
Picking up
Do I know you
New arrivals
Landed last night
Say goodbye to sunlight
Who needs sunlight when we have one another, comrade
Indeed, comrade
And a bottle of Stolichnaya
Why are you talking so much
He was nice
He was a nice guard
Yeah, I mean, we should probably invite him over after all this is done
Yeah, I can bake him a casserole
Get a six-pack, share some laughs
You know, have a drink

Anyone wanna trade jobs
Bald Eagle, do you copy
Bald Eagle, I repeat, this is Scoops Troop, do you copy
Yes, I copy
Call sign
Bald Eagle
Please repeat
Bald Eagle. This is Bald Eagle
Copy that
Good to hear your voice, Bald Eagle
What's your 20
We reached the vent
I'll contact you when I need you
Until then, silence
Roger that, Bald Eagle
This is Scoops Troop, going radio silent
10-10, over
I hate children
Remember, if anyone says anything, just Smile and nod
Good luck
All right, great
All right, now, all the way. Ready
Three, two, one... Push
Told you
Physics
How do we get it open
Uh, there should be a latch
Check under the wheel
You see it
I don't know, hold on
What's she doing

Do you see it

It should be right here
Distributor, distributor... Mike


We just found them like this
The American
It's taking too long
It's fine
No, it's not. It is not
She could've died back there
She almost did
Well, she's safe now
She's on her way to Murray's
That thing won't find her, not before we kill it
Hey. This isn't the way this is supposed to work, all right
You're supposed to say, "Yes, I told you so
That's why we needed to go back to the kids."
Oh, yeah, and then you say something like... "Yeah, well, it's really hard to listen when you make everything sound like it's the end of the goddamn world."
You know... I think, despite everything, I mean, despite the arguing, I think we make a pretty good team
Well, we made it this far, didn't we
We did
So, uh... did I get the job or what
Ah, come on
Detective Byers
It has a ring, doesn't it
It's kinda hard to serve in a town where you don't live, Detective
You're still moving outta here
I mean, that is the plan, right
Eh, we'll see how it goes
"How it goes"? How what goes
You know, if -- if we actually do make it out of here, we -- we deserve to celebrate, right
I mean... yes
Absolutely
I hear Enzo's is pretty good
What do you say, Friday, eight o'clock
Uh, El likes to watch Miami Vice on Fridays
It -- It starts at 10:00, so I -- I can't be out late on a Friday
Okay, well, how about 7:00, then
7:00
Enzo's, Friday, I meet you there
No, you pick me up
Picking you up, 7:00 p.m. Friday
Yeah, it's a date
Just for clarification, just because I... I mean, just... If... When you say "date,"
just so that we're crystal clear, so there's no confusion -- Yeah
Yeah, Hop
Stop talking or I'm gonna change my mind
Yeah, okay. Yeah
Scoops Troop, this is... Hm
I've reached another junction
This is what
The fourth junction
All right, so if memory serves, this is right after the My Little Pony thesis
We went left, so he has to go right

Fly right, Bald Eagle
Fly right
Roger that, flying right
Little shit
What's the My Little Pony thesis
Don't get him started
Get him started? Just tell me Hey, guys
Griswold Family, this is Scoops Troop
Do you copy? Over
Griswold Family, I repeat, this is Scoops Troop. Do you Griswold Family, do you copy
Please confirm your safety
Are you en route to Bald Eagle's nest
Someone, please just answer
Is anyone there
Just answer
Anyone, please... Griswold Family, do you copy
Griswold Family, do you copy

To get them the hell outta there
Stay here, contact the others
Wait, Robin
Stay in touch
Bald Eagle, this is Scoops Troop
I told you, radio silence
Yeah, but we have a problem
What kind of problem
It's turned away
If we go up the stairs now, we'll make it
No way, not with El's leg
We have to try
There's another way... to get out
Through the Gap

Bald Eagle has landed
Repeat
Come on, how much longer
I don't know, I've never done this before
Okay, okay
Get ready, lovebirds, you're almost up to bat
Don't worry
Go! Go, go, go, go, go, go

Did Mikhail send for you

Give me the code
Six-six-two, six-oh-eight, oh-oh-four
Uh... again

Your goddamn code... is wrong
What? Are you sure
Yeah, I'm sure
Well, I -- I suppose it could be wrong
How could it be wrong
The code is a number, a famous number
Planck's constant I -- I thought I knew it

You know it
Not by heart. You
I'm not a nerd, nerd
He told me it was Planck's constant, which I know
Why would I need him to give me a number I already know
Get the car started. Go
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no

Ask me tomorrow
Get in

Suzie, do you copy
This is Suzie. I copy
Suzie
Dusty-bun
"Dusty-bun"
Where have you been
I'm so, so sorry
I -- I've been really busy... uh, trying to save the world from Russians and monsters
Of course you have
Get the goddamn number already
Who was that
It was... Uh, I don't know, actually
I think it was just some interference
So, why don't we, uh, change frequency to 14.158
Copy that, shifting frequency. Standby
Dusty-bun, you copy
I copy, Suzie-poo
It sounds much better now, thanks
Okay, so, listen, do you know Planck's constant
Do you know the Earth orbits the sun
Okay, so I know it starts with two sixes, and then a... W-What is it
Okay, let me just be clear on this
I haven't heard from you in a week, and now you want a mathematical equation that you should know so you can... save the world
Suzie-poo, I promise, I will make it up to you as soon as possible
You can make it up to me now
I want to hear it
Not right now
Yes, now, Dusty-bun
Suzie-poo, this is urgent
Yes, yes, you're saving the world, I heard you the first time, but Ged is also saving Earthsea and he's about to confront the shadow, so this is Suzie, signing off
Wait, wait, wait! Okay
Okay. Okay
Turn around Look at what you see In her face The mirror of your dreams Make believe I'm everywhere Given in the light Written on the pages is The answer to A never-ending story Reach the stars Fly a fantasy Dream a dream And what you see will be Rhymes that keep their secrets will Unfold behind the clouds And there upon a rainbow is The answer to a never-ending story Story Planck's constant is 6.62607004
You just saved the world
Gosh, I miss you, Dusty-bun
And I miss you more, Suzie-poo
I miss you more, multiplied by all the stars in our galaxy
No, I miss you Enough
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
It's turning around
Maybe we wore it out
I don't think so. Hold on
Hey! Everybody out

You ready to end this
In here. In here
Okay. Come on, come on, come on... Billy
Billy, you don't have to do this
Billy. Your name's Billy, Billy Hargrove
You live on 4819 Cherry Lane
Billy, please, I'm Max, I'm your Murray, you all set down there
All set, but I've got some company which I'd love you to obliterate
Will do. Hang tight
On three
One... Two The Americans, I've found them Don't be afraid

Just try and stay... very still
Flay this, you ugly piece of shit
Hey, asshole! Over here
We're almost out
Dustin! We're out of time
Hurry! Close it now
Close it
Mike... Mike
Mike. Mike. Mike, get up
Mike, can you hear me? Mike! Mike
Hey, come on

Where's El




...at least seven feet
Seven... feet
You told her... the wave was seven feet

You ran to her, on the beach
There were seagulls
She wore a hat... ...with a blue ribbon
A long dress... with a blue and red flower
Yell -- Yellow sandals, covered in sand
She was pretty
She was really pretty
And you... you were happy
I'll see you in hell

We're out

Close it now

Billy, Billy, get up, please
Billy, get up, please, please
Billy... Billy. Billy
Billy, wake up. Billy, get up
Please, Billy... Billy
Billy... Billy... I'm sorry
It's okay. It's okay

Jim. Where's Jim
Let's go! Go! Come on
You all right
Hands up
Don't shoot! American
We're Americans! Americans
Hey, come on, let's go
Go, go
Thank God
Welcome to Hawkins, Indiana, a wonderful place to grow up, to raise your family, to walk your dog
But then... ...on July Fourth, everything changed
A terrible tragedy struck this small town
But this was not this small town's first brush with tragedy
Mysterious deaths, government cover-ups, a bizarre chemical leak
Is it all linked
All a vast conspiracy
The fault of a disgraced, corrupt mayor
Or is something more going on in the heartland
Can a town itself be cursed
Some believe a rise in Satanism is to blame
To find out, tune in tonight at 8:00 p.m
for "Horror in the Heartland"
on Cutting Edge
You put your mom down as a reference
Yeah. Why not
She's, like, super well-respected
You're such a dingus
Wha Uh, just to be clear, we weren't fired, you know
The mall burned down and, like, killed a bunch of people
Thanks for sharing
Didn't know
Three favorite movies. Go
Uh... The Apartment, Hidden Fortress, Children of Paradise
You, go
Favorite movies
Did I stutter
Uh... Animal House, for sure
Um... Eyes on me, Harrington
Yeah. Uh... Star Wars
A New Hope
A new what-now
Which Star Wars
The one with the teddy bears. Duh
No? Uh... Oh, the one that just came out
The movie that just came out
The one with the DeLorean and Alex P. Keaton, and he's trying to bang his mom
The time... Yeah, those are my top three. Classics
You start Monday
You start never
Will you just, um... Will you give us a minute


All right, you have to understand, Keith, I know his taste is a bit pedestrian, but the dingus has other qualities
He's a douchebag of the highest order, Robin
He was a bit of a prick to us in high school, I'll grant you that, but he remains... a total chick magnet
Yeah, okay, and this is relevant to me how
Uh, Earth to Keith
The ladies will come in just to see him
They'll come in in droves
Droves, Keith
We sold so much ice cream, they had to get a second shipment in from Michigan
Goddamn Michigan, Keith
And these ladies... These ladies are hot
They're so very hot
And there are too many of them for little Steve
He needs assistance
He needs your assistance, Keith
What's in it for you
You got a thing for him or something
Goddammit. This is Hm
We're just, um... We're just friends

Fast Times. Fast Times. Ever heard of it
Top three for me, Keith
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down

Still got it

Turn around Look at what you see In her face The mirror of your dreams Rhymes that keep their secrets Will unfold behind the clouds Wait, did we get that verse right
It's "unfold behind the clouds"
Yeah, but you're butchering it, so could you please stop
So then join in, Dusty-bun
Yeah, come on, Dusty-bun, why don't you join us
You guys are so funny, you should be on Carson
Can't we just hear your rendition
Please? Just one verse
No. No way. It's reserved for Suzie's ears and Suzie's ears alone
Turn around Look at what you see In their face The mirror of your dreams Shut up, you guys
Rhymes that keep their secrets Stop! You guys, please, shut up
Whoa, dude. That's the donation box
I'll just use yours when I come back
I mean, if we still wanna play
Yeah, but what if you want to join another party
Not possible
Is that... everything
I guess so
Seventeen years of my life... packed up in one day
What if I just... don't let you go
I think... the new owners might kick us out
You could stay in our basement
Your dad'd love that
We could hide you in a tent, like El

As a wise man once said... we've got shared trauma
So what's a little more, right
What's a little more
They'll come back
I know they will

You packed your walkie, right
Because you know that I'm gonna steal Cerebro from Dustin and call you so much, you're gonna have to turn it off, right
Did you talk to your mom
About Thanksgiving
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah
I got the okay. I'll be there
And then I was thinking maybe you could come up here for Christmas
And Will, too
You can come before or after Christmas, or whatever Mrs. Byers wants, but I was thinking Christmas Day could be super fun, because we'd all have cool new presents to play with and, uh... Sorry, that made me sound like a seven-year-old
I like presents, too
Yeah, cool. Yeah
I like -- I like presents, too
Cool
Remember that day... at the cabin, you were talking to Max
Um... I don't think I follow
You talked about your -- your feelings, your heart
Oh, yeah, that
Man, that was so long ago. Um... That was really heat of the moment stuff, and we were arguing and... I don't really remember... What did I say, exactly
Mike... I love you, too
Donation box
Uh, yeah, sure
Uh... It -- It's the speech Hop wrote for you and Mike
Speech
Yeah. You know, the heart-to-heart
He never talked to you, did he
Can I read
"There's something I've been wanting to talk to you both about
I know this is a difficult conversation, but I care about you both very much
And I know that you care about each other very much
And that's why it's important that we set these boundaries moving forward, so we can build an environment... where we all feel... comfortable... trusted... and open... to sharing our feelings."
Feelings

The truth is, for so long, I'd forgotten what those even were
I've been stuck in one place, in a cave, you might say
A deep, dark cave
And then, I left some Eggos out in the woods, and you came into my life and... for the first time in a long time, I started to feel things again
I started to feel happy
But, lately, I guess I've been feeling... distant from you
Like you're... you're pulling away from me or something
I miss playing board games every night, making triple-decker Eggo extravaganzas at sunrise, watching westerns together before we doze off
But I know you're getting older
Growing
Changing
And I guess... if I'm being really honest, that's what scares me
I don't want things to change
So, I think maybe that's why I came in here, to try to maybe... stop that change
To turn back the clock
To make things go back to how they were
But I know that's naive
It's just... not how life works
It's moving
Always moving, whether you like it or not
And, yeah, sometimes it's painful
Sometimes it's sad
And sometimes... it's surprising
Happy
So, you know what
Keep on growing up, kid
Don't let me stop you
Make mistakes, learn from 'em, and when life hurts you, because it will, remember the hurt
The hurt is good
It means you're out of that cave
But, please, if you don't mind, for the sake of your poor old dad, keep the door open three inches
I I will be king... Are you okay
Time to go
I'll be out in a minute
Oh, we could be heroes Just for one day Oh, we can be us Just for one day I I can remember Standing Standing by the wall And the guns Shot above our heads Oh, we can be heroes Just for one day No. Not the American
No, I'm begging you... No! Don't
No! Please! No! Don't
No, don't
Don't do this
Let me go
Don't leave me in here
Let me out, I'm innocent
I'm innocent
I'm begging you, please